where you came back I can't believe the
men who developed the g-virus is
actually her father what's wrong Claire
it's nothing but I think I found a way
out of here we should be able to find
someplace safe if they can just make it
out of town all right don't worry I'll
protect you I promise but you have to
make sure you don't leave my side Leon
are you still there we're leaving are
you crazy stranger still crawling
zombies it'll be all right trust me we
found a way to the sewer follow us later
Claire Claire wait wait
come on let's get out of here
sherry
you
Oh
another spy sent by umbrella right let
me guess you're gonna steal my husband's
key virus
too much so give you that has been
you must be a net
share his mother
what Sherry's wandering around alone in
the sewers you have to help me find her
that's impossible I told her to go to
the police
doing here William will be after her
William that's right the creature that's
been causing all this destruction is
none other than my own